Documentation refresh for PGv2 (#171)
protocolguild/documentation: docs/01-eligibility.md

    - Client testing/security/infra which supports these implementations: [ethereum/tests](https://github.com/ethereum/tests) [ethereum/execution-spec-tests](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-spec-tests)
    - Coordination related to upgrades and maintenance: [ethereum/pm](https://github.com/ethereum/pm)
  - Research and implementation experiments related to potential protocol changes
    - [Verkle tries](https://github.com/gballet/go-verkle) (Verge)
    - [Portal Network](https://github.com/ethereum/portal-network-specs) (Purge)
    - EVM improvements: [Ipsilon](https://github.com/ipsilon)
    - Consensus work
    - Cryptography
    - Mechanism design
    - Resource pricing

>   - Spec work resulting from the above (should be implementation agnostic, unopinionated)

Reviewer: IDK that "resulting from the above" is correct: on the CL the specs very much drive the implementations, and the goal is for that to happen on the EL too. I'd perhaps frame it more as work on the canonical protocol specs, and perhaps include EIPs, and the `executions-api` repo from above here too?

Reviewer 2: agree that putting specs top level is helpful for understanding what is "in-protocol" vs out

but i think adding EIPs needs some more thought to properly scope

    - [Execution specs (EELS)](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs)
    - [Consensus specs](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs)
  - Protocol Guild

>     - General comms

Reviewer: I'd avoid abbreviations in docs, and perhaps move this at the bottom of the list?

    - Fundraising
    - Research related to the evolution of the Guild itself
    - Internal maintenance for the Guild membership

## 1.1 Context

The eligibility framework is a "best effort representation" of Ethereum Layer 1 R&D. It tries to be sufficiently accomodating to what is the core protocol, but not any broader. This framework has been modified previously and will likely continue to be: more restrictive in some places and more permissive in others.

> Contributing to the efforts referenced above does not guarantee Guild membership. While this list tries to be explicit by linking to example repos, there are some research areas which can't be linked to a single repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing to the efforts referenced above does not guarantee Protocol Guild membership. While this list tries to be explicit when possible linking to specific repositories, there are some research areas which can't be linked to a single source and may still be considered eligible.
```
